{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9900\viewh10240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 SpaceBarrage
\f1\b0 \
developed by Aaron Sullivan\
with music by Amy Sullivan\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b \cf0 http://homepage.mac.com/aaronsullivan/projects/SpaceBarrage.html
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Synopsis
\f1\b0 \
\
You lead a convoy of transportation barges across enemy space.  The barges themselves are without weapons, but when the enemy attacks, you can unleash your deadly cargo.  You are transporting weapons supplies, so use the shield generators to set a perimeter and distribute your missile launchers inside.  If the enemy gets to close, you're done for.\
\

\f0\b Controls
\f1\b0 \
\
mouse and spacebar.\
apple-Q to quit\
You can use the right mouse button in place of the space bar (if you have one!)\
\
Use your mouse to direct shield placement, distribute weapons and aim at the enemy. \
The mouse button is used for most actions.\
Use the space bar to rotate shield sections (they look like Tetris pieces) and to speed up the timer during the deploy weapons phase.\
For keyboard free playing, use a mouse with a second button.  A "right-click" is the same as a press of the space bar.\
Use apple-Q to quit.\
\

\f0\b Gameplay
\f1\b0 \
\
If you've played Atari's arcade game, Rampart, you'll have a good idea how this game works.  It's sort of Missile Command meets Tetris.\
\
Start\
Choose a barge to raise shields around.\
\
Deploy Weapons\
You will earn 2 missile launchers for each barge you have surrounded with shields.  Put them inside the shielded area with the barge.\
\
Battle\
Basically, kill the bad guys with your missiles before any make into your "zone."  If an enemy breaches your short range border, your game will end.  They will be putting holes in your shields with their weapons at the same time.\
\
Repair\
You will have a short time to repair your shields with odd shaped sections that must fit precisely.  Any holes will leave your barge exposed  and if none are protected your game will end.  Look out for diagonal holes, they are hard to spot.\
\
Rinse. Repeat.\
\
There is no score in this game yet.  See how many levels you can complete.  I have no idea how far it is possible to go!\
\

\f0\b System Requirements
\f1\b0 \
\
Mac OS X 10.2.5\
Hardware accelerated OpenGL\
\
For reference: works great on a 500Mhz G3 ibook.\
\

\f0\b Known Issues
\f1\b0 \
\
Under very slow framerates, some collision detection and game logic will fail; a drawback of high speed programming. ;)\
Just finished a fully playable form of the game by the due date, so play testing has been minimal.  There are probably scores of hidden glitches and incompatibilities.  Let me know! \

\f0\b Email: aaronsullivan@mac.com\
\
Thanks\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Amy, my wife, for not just putting up with my endless coding, but creating the music and helping me directly with the project.\
\
Alex Eddy (arekkusu) for the great glAArg library for nice, fast, anti-aliased lines.  I used his font utilities to save time as well.\
\
All the iDevGames forum patrons for their help and Carlos Camacho for keeping the site going and especially for this great contest idea that got me to finally finish a modern game.
\f0\b \
\
\
Code\
\

\f1\b0 This game was an entry in the 21 days later: Vectorized contest at 
\f0\b www.iDevGames.com
\f1\b0 \
The source code should be available at iDevGames shortly, if it isn't there now.\
Even if you don't want my code, look around, there's lots of good stuff and good people there.\
\
I used the SDL and SDL_mixer libraries.  Check them out at 
\f0\b www.libsdl.org\

\f1\b0 The game app is dynamically linked to copies inside the app.package.\
Read the files in the "SDL Information" folder to find out more.\
\
Read the included LICENSE.txt file for information about using the code from this game.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc
\cf0 For more current information and updates go to:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b \cf0 http://homepage.mac.com/aaronsullivan/projects/SpaceBarrage.html}